- [Instructor] Now let us talk about themes in Spring MVC.
What is a theme?
A theme in general is a collection of static resources.
Your cascading style sheets which help you to define
the look and feel by defining many properties
like fonts, font sizes, background colors,
the positioning of elements, et cetera.
And to accompany that you have a lot of images
that you tend to render in your HTML pages.
Why is a theme required?
This is basically to provide an enhanced look and feel
to your end customers.
People who use your application
often ask for many kinds of look and feel
and that's exactly why you want those kinds of developments
done for a website.
Now in general themes is not strictly tied up to Spring MVC.
Themes can be implemented with any other web MVC framework.
But when it comes to Spring MVC in particular
how do you define a theme?
So if you want a theme to be enabled or defined
in your application then you need an instance of that type.
ThemeSource and of course a default implementation
for this type is already provided to you by Spring MVC.
That is ResourceBundleThemeSource.
What this means is that if you want separate themes
to reside in your application then you need to define them
in a .properties file.
And your ThemeResolver being tied
is going to facilitate the resolution of those themes.
Which means depending on whatever you ask it to pickup
it will pickup the relevant theme from that .properties file
and display your entire website on the basis of that theme.
So we are going to do a small Spring MVC themes demo
in our HPlus application in the next video.